Okay. So thanks for hanging in here with me.
We have just one more to go for History grades.
Let's go ahead and dive in.
And this one you can really do on autopilot
because we've already done the work for Math and Science
and I'll just sit back. I won't say much.
And I'll let you work through this one.
Follow along with getting this set up for History grade.
All right. I'm back.
Hopefully you enjoyed the quiet time there
with developing the code for the History grade.
Now we're in good shape here
and let's go ahead and run the test.
And this test passes successfully as expected, right?
And we can even see the SQL logs
where we have the inserts into Math grade,
Science grade and also History grade.
So I'd like to say job well done my friend.